ICR RSE: Improvements and Text Simplifications (#73)
RSE-Sheffield/pando-python: episodes/profiling-introduction.md

Profiling is most relevant to working code, when you have reached a stage that the code works and are considering deploying it.

> Any code that will run for more than a few minutes over its lifetime, that isn't a quick one-shot script can benefit from profiling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any code that will run for more than a few minutes over its lifetime and isn't a quick one-off script can benefit from profiling.
```
Probably a matter of taste (and OED says “one-off” is mainly British English, while “one-shot” is mainly American English?), but this feels more natural to me.
